[Doc] Add deepseek multi node doc (#3223)
vllm-project/vllm-ascend: docs/source/tutorials/hybrid_node.md

- The physical machines must be located on the same WLAN, with network connectivity.
- All NPUs are connected with optical modules, and the connection status must be normal.

### Verification Process:

Execute the following commands on each node in sequence. The results must all be `success` and the status must be `UP`:

```bash
 # Check the remote switch ports
 for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -lldp -g | grep Ifname; done 
 # Get the link status of the Ethernet ports (UP or DOWN)
 for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -link -g ; done
 # Check the network health status
 for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -net_health -g ; done
 # View the network detected IP configuration
 for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -netdetect -g ; done
 # View gateway configuration
 for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -gateway -g ; done
 # View NPU network configuration
 cat /etc/hccn.conf
```

### NPU Interconnect Verification:
#### 1. Get NPU IP Addresses

```bash
for i in {0..7}; do hccn_tool -i $i -ip -g | grep ipaddr; done
```

#### 2. Cross-Node PING Test

```bash
# Execute on the target node (replace with actual IP)
hccn_tool -i 0 -ping -g address 10.20.0.20
```

## Run with docker

> Assume you have two Atlas 800 A2(64G*8) nodes, and want to deploy the `deepseek-v3.1-w8a8` quantitative model across multi-node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you have two Atlas 800 A3(64G*16) nodes, and want to deploy the `deepseek-v3.1-w8a8` quantitative model across multi-node.
```

export OMP_PROC_BIND=false
export OMP_NUM_THREADS=100
export HCCL_BUFFSIZE=1024

# The w8a8 weight can obtained from https://www.modelscope.cn/models/vllm-ascend/DeepSeek-V3.1-W8A8
# If you want to the quantization manually, please refer to https://vllm-ascend.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/feature_guide/quantization.html
vllm serve unsloth/DeepSeek-V3.1-BF16 \
--host 0.0.0.0 \
--port 8004 \
--data-parallel-size 2 \
--data-parallel-size-local 1 \
--data-parallel-address $local_ip \
--data-parallel-rpc-port 13389 \
--tensor-parallel-size 16 \
--seed 1024 \
--served-model-name deepseek_v3.1 \
--enable-expert-parallel \
--max-num-seqs 16 \
--max-model-len 32768 \
--max-num-batched-tokens 4096 \
--trust-remote-code \
--no-enable-prefix-caching \
--gpu-memory-utilization 0.9 \
--additional-config '{"ascend_scheduler_config":{"enabled":true},"torchair_graph_config":{"enabled":true}}'
```

**node1**

```shell
#!/bin/sh

nic_name="xxx"
local_ip="xxx"

export VLLM_USE_MODELSCOPE=True
export HCCL_IF_IP=$local_ip
export GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME=$nic_name
export TP_SOCKET_IFNAME=$nic_name
export HCCL_SOCKET_IFNAME=$nic_name
export OMP_PROC_BIND=false
export OMP_NUM_THREADS=100

> export VLLM_USE_V1=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
